docs: configure spell check, minor improvements (#5369)
FuelLabs/sway: docs/book/src/basics/methods_and_associated_functions.md

_Associated functions_ are very similar to _methods_, in that they are also defined in the context of a struct or enum, but they do not actually use any of the data in the struct and as a result do not take _self_ as a parameter. Associated functions could be standalone functions, but they are included in a specific type for organizational or semantic reasons.

> To declare methods and associated functions for a struct or enum, use an `impl` block. Here, `impl` stands for implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To declare methods and associated functions for a struct or enum, use an `impl` block. Here, `impl` is short for implementation.
```
